TASK: Add integration test debugging hints to readme (#2680)
neos/neos-ui: README.md

For executing the end to end tests on a Mac with catalina or higher you need to permit screen recording. Open 'System Preferences > Security & Privacy > Privacy > Screen Recording' and check 'TestCafe Browser Tools' in the application list.

##### Debugging integration tests

> * View the recording via saucelabs. You can find the url in the beginning of the test output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* View the recording via Sauce Labs. You can find the url in the beginning of the test output.
```

> * Observe exceptions and logs in build artifacts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Observe Flow exceptions and logs in build artifacts.
```

> * You can trigger a SSH enabled build via the circle ci interface and then login.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You can trigger a SSH enabled build via the CircleCI interface and then login.
```
